It's always better when we're together,
- Happy Together! - Happy Together!
(Every Thursday night, Happy Together)
- Hello. - It's good to see you again.
Hyun Moo, we haven't seen you for a long time.
I know. It feels strange...
(While we couldn't see him...)
Jun Hyun Moo from "I Live Alone".
(Hyun Moo won Grand Award at MBC Entertainment Awards.)
Jae Seok and Myung Soo...
(He gained the achievement just as Jae Seok and Myung Soo did.)
I am overwhelmingly happy.
(And a thoughtful comment continued...)
(in the hope of normalization of KBS.)
Hyun Moo, please continue your good work.
- Just be confident. - "Just be confident."
Your advice is greatly helpful for me.
We haven't told the viewers about today's theme.
Today's theme is...
- "Korea's Hottest Men Special"... - It was fun.
is our old theme.
Following "Korea's Hottest Men Special",
today's theme is "Korea's Hottest Women Special".
That's right.
Now, please introduce our first guest.
She's famous for her curvy body.
She's charismatic and adorable at the same time.
She just began to do variety shows.
I can't wait to see her.
Lovely Han, Han Eun Jung.
(She is here.)
(What's going on?)
- Where is she? - Is she here?
She's there.
(A confident walk)
She's very popular these days.
(A parody of her TV commercial)
(She shows her ambition for variety shows.)
- She's so popular. - It's nice to meet you all.
I'm surprised. She would hesitate to do things like that...
- even if she was asked. - We didn't even ask her to do so.
Now, she does it even when we didn't ask her to do that.
I've learned enough to do it on my own.
(She became a rising star of variety shows.)
- It's nice to see you all. - You are right.
It's about time for you to do it on your own.
Let's meet our second guest.
She's a comedienne with a pretty face and her charming cheesiness.
Her hobby and specialty is enjoying romance.
- The romantic Kim Ji Min. - Kim Ji Min.
(She has a unique sense of style.)
(She walks shyly, yet confidently.)
She's a fashionista.
- Hello. I'm Kim Ji Min. - Welcome, Ji Min.
I'm honored to introduce these two guests.
- They'll come out together. - The two hottest Chae Yeons...
- in Korea are here. - Two Chae Yeons?
- Yes, two Chae Yeons. - I see.
Shall we meet the innocent Chae Yeon first?
(From a famous trainee to a popular star)
She's the next icon of first love following Suzy.
Jung Chae Yeon of Dia.
(The innocent Jung Chae Yeon of Dia)
Jung Chae Yeon.
- How pretty. - Jung Chae Yeon.
(Light steps and shy hand gestures)
(As she walks into the studio,)
(a breeze blows flowers even though it's winter.)
- She looks so young and pretty. - How pretty.
(She missed the beat.)
(She made everyone laugh unexpectedly.)
(But she doesn't care.)
Look at her.
Gosh. She's so funny.
(It's funny because she's so serious.)
- My goodness. - She looks emotionless.
That's right. Chae Yeon.
- She's not listening. - I mean,
you're dancing like a robot.
- She looks like a cyborg. - Exactly.
What is she doing?
- You need a soul. - Chae Yeon.
She's dancing like a machine.
(The cyborg beauty dances with her all might.)
- She looks emotionless. - She's running out of battery.
Chae Yeon.
(The cyborg dance transmission completed)
My goodness.
- She's like a machine. - Chae Yeon.
- Yes? - This is a variety show.
You danced as if you were on stage.
You didn't care about what was going on around you.
You didn't even look back when we were laughing.
(Her initiation into variety shows is over.)
Next up is the sexy Chae Yeon.
(The master of seduction who is sexy in every way)
(Her absolute attractiveness even beats time.)
(Chae Yeon, the sexy diva)
The sexy Chae Yeon.
Chae Yeon.
She's here.
(Excited)
(Powerful)
There she comes.
(She's full of sexiness.)
- My gosh. - Hyun Moo.
(Skillful)
Look at her.
(She starts dancing sexy dance with hip roll.)
- She's great as always. - My gosh.
(She makes a cute face for her fans.)
- She looks lively. - She's authentic.
- She looks around... - Right. She's different.
- She looks around. - while dancing.
(She bursts out laughing at their excessive compliments.)
You know...
Chae Yeon, you looked around you while performing.
- She looked more relaxed. - She looked around.
Jung Chae Yeon didn't look at us.
Chae Yeon feels more like a human.
- She feels like a human. - That's right.
I didn't know the two of them would appear on this show together.
- Seeing them here today... - How will you call us?
Since it's confusing, we'll call you Jin Sook.
(Chae Yeon's real name is Jin Sook.)
- It's your real name. - That's not a good idea.
It would be pointless for us to have the same name.
- She changed her name 10 years ago. - That's right.
(Both are Chae Yeon.)
We invited the four stars who a lot of people wish...
to have as their online girlfriend.
However, almost none of them knew what online girlfriend means.
What did Eun Jung say when she was asked about online girlfriend?
She said that it's a girlfriend people meet through phone dating.
- Phone dating? - Yes.
- That's what came to her mind. - I haven't heard of it for a while.
Our writer said it means she's popular with the internet users.
Then she said, "I think your voice matters more than your personality."
She thought the writer was talking about phone dating.
I guess she thought of a telephone line,
so dating over the phone came across her mind.
As far as Eun Jung knows...
Hold on a second. Do your writers tell you things like this as well?
- They tell us everything. - Of course.
They record all the calls.
I asked the writer not to talk about that on the show.
- They like that kind of stories. - That's why they added it.
How you asked not to mention it is written on our script too.
- You shouldn't have said it. - A favor like that...
only encourages them to add the story to the script.
"This kind of story must be told."
- This is a scary program. - Yes.
- Of course. - When I heard about phone...
I mean, online girlfriend,
- I thought it was phone dating. - She says it so naturally.
I was asked about the qualifications for online girlfriend.
I said, "A pretty voice."
- She's not familiar with internet. - Right.
In fact, in the past, we used...
- phone-line networking. - That's right.
Telephone wires were used before, so it's understandable.
I thought of online video call.
- Online video call? - Online video call.
- That was my best guess. - Not even phone video call.
- We can learn what we don't know. - That's right.
You don't have to be embarrassed.
Ji Min, you're in no place to laugh at them.
You said you didn't understand why you were invited.
- That's right. - She asked if she's a virtual star.
She thought of a cyber world.
Cyber world...
- This is the era of cyber world. - That's...
- She's a cyber female warrior. - Put your hand off of me.
Along with Lee Jung Hyun.
She used to be a cyber female warrior.
Chae Yeon was one of the most futuristic singers.
- That's not true. - She always wore silver outfits.
- Right. - She's the same age as Lusia.
I haven't heard that name Lusia for a long time.
- A cyber singer like Adam. - She's a friend of Adam's.
Ji Min, seeing that you thought of a cyber star,
you didn't know what online girlfriend means.
At least I thought of the internet...
- while she thought of telephone. - Telephone and internet.
- Are you criticizing me? - Yes.
- I'm criticizing you. - Gosh.
This is how Eun Jung reacted.
She can't deny it.
Eun Jung made her debut 17 years ago.
Now, she's hosting four variety shows.
She's hosting more shows than you do.
- I'm hosting only three. - I'm sorry,
- That's amazing. - but Eun Jung.
- Yes? - Even Jae Seok hosts only three.
- Aren't you hosting too many shows? - In fact,
Jae Seok can host 10 shows if he wants.
No, I can't.
The TV stations can't afford him.
He's probably paid a lot.
- But... - I get paid less than Jae Seok.
- "I get paid less." - Yes. I can host 10 shows.
- That's nice. - You speak differently now.
I haven't appeared on Happy Together for a while.
You haven't been here for a while.
When I was here before,
- I was quiet. You must remember. - That's right.
Whenever I was asked a question,
I said, "No. I don't know." I spoke like this.
To convince her to dance,
- four people had to work together. - We tried to convince her.
We tried to convince her.
The staff wrote, "Please dance for us" on their board and played music.
Then we said, "Oh, no. Let's do it over again."
But today, she danced while walking into the studio. I was surprised.
- It was hard for me too. - Why?
- I had to hide my charms. - Exactly.
I came on to the show to promote my dramas.
- Your role in the drama... - That's right.
I had to maintain the image of my character.
So I couldn't show my charms.
I had no choice but to behave quietly.
Why did you change completely?
- I thought I needed to change. - Why?
- Why did you suddenly think of it? - There must've been a reason.
- I wanted to be just who I am. - I see.
- So this is your true self? - Yes.
The people whom she's hosting her shows with are...
- Park Soo Hong, - That's right.
- Kim Gu Ra. - She hosted a show with him.
- She also worked with Lee Sang Min. - Lee Sang Min.
You work with many comedians.
I think I hit it off well with comedians.
Of course I've been working with a lot of actors and actresses,
but when I say something on a variety show...
I worked with Sae Ho not long ago. We had great teamwork.
- So I... - She clicks with comedians.
- That's because she's pretty. - once said...
- in the studio... - You two had great teamwork?
- We had great teamwork. - We clicked with each other.
- That rarely happens. - I know. So I told the writer...
that Sae Ho did so well,
- and we made a great team. - You complimented him.
I also said that I hoped to have him on "My Unexpected Housemate".
That's how much I enjoyed working with him.
- I think I click with comedians. - I understand.
All that's left is co-hosting a show with Jae Seok.
Then you will have worked with almost every popular entertainer.
Are you willing to co-host with him?
- With Jae Seok? - Yes.
Of course.
What about Hyeon Gyeong?
- I have no right to decide on that. - That's true.
You choose between us.
Hyeon Gyeong or Eun Jung.
(The time has come.)
(He can't avoid choosing one of them.)
- Choose. - Should I really do this?
- Of course you should. - Show him why he should choose you.
It's about time for Jae Seok to get into trouble.
- What do you mean? - Why?
- Why? - When he's on his shows,
he's always so considerate of other people.
- Choose between us. - All right.
Let's say you got an offer for a new TV show.
- She's observant. - If you have to choose between...
Eun Jung and Hyeon Gyeong to be your co-host, who would you choose?
- Hyeon Gyeong. - My gosh.
(He answered without hesitating.)
Why?
I've been working with Hyeon Gyeong for a long time.
- He has to work with her. - That's right.
- You shouldn't have humiliated her. - She looks furious.
- You asked me to choose. - She's our guest.
She thought he would choose her, so she was waiting.
- But he chose Hyeon Gyeong. - The show just got started.
You should've at least pretended to contemplate.
- That was harsh. - I chose Hyeon Gyeong.
- We just began the show. - I said I chose Hyeon Gyeong.
- Hyeon Gyeong would... - She wasn't doing anything.
Why?
- She was confident. - She looks upset.
- Look at her face. - I'm sorry.
- It's because Eun Jung is... - Why did you invite me here?
That was good.
Since Eun Jung is a very good entertainer,
I knew she'd be cool about it.
I'm not that big-hearted.
I apologize for his behavior. Work with Hyun Moo. He has a lot of work.
- That was funny. - He's hosting a lot of shows.
Now, I'll ask Eun Jung a question.
Which one would you choose between me and Hyun Moo?
Hyun Moo.
(Eun Jung chose Hyun Moo.)
- Did you really have to ask? - She is good.
I beat Jae Seok!
- I beat Jae Seok! - Please ask me the question again.
Please ask me the question again.
I choose Hyeon Gyeong.
(He holds grudges.)
- I choose Ji Min. - What?
I refuse.
Okay.
Are variety shows easier...
- than dramas and movies? - I bet they are.
They are stress-free.
They give me time to rest too.
Until recently, we were in a program together.
At first,
she didn't care about the time.
She didn't mind the long shoots.
After she got used to variety shows, she changed.
She would ask upon arrival, "When does the shoot end today?"
- Eun Jung. - She got used to variety shows.
- It gives us a different picture. - She asked that before we began.
- She is female Kim Gu Ra. - That's too much.
The female Lee Gyeong Gyu.
- You put yourself at ease. - When I signed the contract,
I didn't know the shoot would be so long.
It was so long!
- Eun Jung is hilarious. - She really is.
She asked the same question to the writer today.
(She checked the duration of the shoot.)
- Really? - She is worse than Yong Man.
Your words don't add up.
This program is no joke!
You are no joke.
I don't like long shoots.
- Really? - Yes.
- I like them short and sweet. - These days,
- you criticize yourself often... - That's hilarious.
- when you are on TV. - Yes.
I heard that you talk about yourself without realizing it.
- It drives me crazy. - Why?
I lack as an MC.
- That's true. - However...
- Excuse me? - I was joking.
- Are you angry? - You said it yourself.
Stop the shoot.
Eun Jung, I was only agreeing with you.
Please don't misunderstand.
I am beginning to understand...
how hard it is for the MCs.
When you host a program,
you need to extract stories from your guests.
- That's very important. - The guests need to talk.
Because they didn't in my program, the producer told me...
that I hosted the program too rigidly.
It burdened my heart.
It's bound to happen when the production team says that.
I have to make people laugh from time to time.
- That's right. - That's why...
- I end up making fun of myself. - You talk about yourself.
We were talking about malicious comments...
and the emotional scars that come with them.
I said that I had malicious comments about my long face.
I made fun of myself.
"Someone wrote that I resemble Yang Sang Gook..."
- "in the comment section." - Really?
- Yes. - I see the resemblance.
I shared...
(She explodes for the 2nd time.)
She is full of anger.
- You said it yourself! - We didn't bring it up.
Hold on. This program is strange.
You said it yourself!
It never occurred to me.
- I didn't know. - Only after hearing her words,
did I realize that there is a resemblance.
I said that on the program.
The next day, it was all over the internet.
People said that we look alike.
Even those who had no idea found out about it.
- We found out about it today. - Seriously.
- I had no idea. - At first...
- I know. - They look alike.
You understand us now that you worked as an MC, right?
You know how hard it is to make the program funny, right?
- Yes. - You may not know that.
(He doesn't know what to say.)
He needs time to understand.
Myung Soo may need time to understand.
You have soft hands.
You haven't struggled a lot.
Why is he patting Jae Seok's hands?
(Don't let go of my hand, Jae Seok.)
It's because I love him.
You have been in TV programs with various celebrities...
such as Kim Gu Ra, Lee Sang Min, and Park Soo Hong.
With whom did you have the best teamwork?
Gu Ra is knowledgeable.
Since he knows many things, the conversation goes flawlessly.
- How about Sang Min? - He is incredibly serious.
- Right, kind of unexpected. - He usually doesn't say much,
but once he has something he wants to say,
he talks for too long.
(He can be chatty.)
- He is like that. - He doesn't stop.
No, he doesn't.
As for Soo Hong...
To be honest,
I didn't think Soo Hong was a funny comedian.
(A boring comedian)
Soo Hong is funny.
Yes. I got to know how funny he is.
That's right.
I have the best teamwork with Soo Hong.
You work better with him than the rest.
Do you find him attractive as a man?
- No, I don't. - You don't.
Soo Hong revealed his type.
- What's his type? - Women with monolids...
whose eyes crinkle when they smile.
He likes Korean beauties.
He told me that as soon as we met.
- You hadn't asked. - It was like, "You aren't my type."
- He told you that upon meeting. - His type may be the opposite.
That's right. Maybe he tried to make you intrigued.
Maybe he lied to hide how he feels.
Chae Yeon, your mom thinks Soo Hong is a son-in-law material.
Is that true?
He appears in a TV program...
- these days. - Yes.
My mom watches it diligently.
Soo Hong caught her eyes...
out of the three people.
She kept asking me, "What do you think? Isn't he nice?"
When Chae Yeon smiles,
- her eyes crinkle, right? - Her eyes crinkle.
Isn't it the same for everyone?
Her eyes crinkle.
Don't your mom's words affect you...
even if you weren't interested before?
- People around you... - Those words make you conscious.
- can make you conscious. - My eyes go to him.
- It can't be helped. - That's right.
- What do you think about him? - What do you think?
I wouldn't be averse to seeing him a few times.
Chae Yeon.
If Soo Hong asks to have a dinner with you, would you?
I can have a dinner with him.
The decision to date him would come later.
- That's right. - Spend time with him first.
I am surprised that Chae Yeon's heart is open.
- Her heart is open. - It's not like that.
At my age, my heart should be open to anyone.
- Seriously. - My goodness.
- It's not Soo Hong in particular. - No.
I am in no position to turn people down right away.
Please pick one from Kim Gu Ra, Lee Sang Min, and Park Soo Hong.
- That's ridiculous. - Let her answer.
- What? - For goodness' sake.
Please pick one.
I will have dinner with each one...
- before I decide. - I see.
- She is very... - Her heart is open to all ideas.
- That's right. - She did the same to me.
In the waiting room, I asked her, "How did you become so prettier?"
Then she asked, "What do you think about me?"
- Really? - No way.
- Her heart is too wide open. - I told her,
"I am ready."
She went back inside without an answer.
(Chae Yeon only checked how Sae Ho feels.)
How much younger can your partner be?
There is Mi Na, the singer from the World Cup.
Actually...
Why did you bring up Mi Na?
(Myung Soo traveled back in time.)
- The singer from the World Cup! - What was that?
Why did you bring up Mi Na?
Actually...
She is dating a man who is 17 years younger than her.
That's why I brought her up.
As a joke, I always say that my partner's age doesn't matter...
as long as he isn't underage.
- It's a joke. - It's a joke.
Can you date Sae Ho?
Of course I can.
I really like Sae Ho.
(She is incredibly honest.)
- Sae Ho. - However, I don't like the way...
he makes a move on everyone.
- I am only trying to be funny. - He should be more serious.
Anyway, I heard that...
- Ji Min became surprised... - Did it really happen?
when she drank with Chae Yeon.
After the first shoot for our program,
we had drinks.
We got drunk and began to talk about men and relationships.
"Ji Min, aren't you going to meet someone?"
"I want to focus on my work."
"I can meet someone..."
"later in my life." Then she said,
"You will end up like me at that rate."
- Did you really say that? - She let go of herself.
I said, "Someone will show up in the future."
She said, "I am your future."
(Self-destruction)
- Chae Yeon. - Yes?
You spoke too harshly.
When Ji Min said that,
I agreed with her.
- I like working. - That's right.
When I was busy with work, I had plenty...
You had plenty of men.
You had plenty of men 10 years ago.
- I guess it's all in the past. - "Plenty of men".
- That's right. - It's all in the past.
"Whom should I ask to drive me home today?"
I did that.
- She is honest. - I didn't date all of them.
- They were just... - You flirted with them.
- I flirted with them. - Some with good feelings.
I thought I would always have a lot of men by my side.
- However... - Don't you still have...
a lot of men?
After I turned 30,
the number dropped exponentially.
- Really? - I am serious.
- Really? - "Exponentially".
- A lot of them got married. - "Where did everyone go?"
It suddenly became that way.
I bet there are still a lot of men...
- by Chae Yeon's side. - The one who drives her home now...
- is a chauffeur. - He's right.
A chauffeur or a manager.
Ji Min, you have a story about a chauffeur.
Since I plan to live a long life,
I do my best to avoid troubles and accidents.
That's why I often call a chauffeur.
I called a chauffeur that day.
Upon hearing that he has come, I went out.
However, we couldn't find my car.
We looked for an hour.
- You looked with the chauffeur. - Yes.
Although we looked for an hour, we couldn't find the car.
"Did it get stolen? What should I do?"
It turns out I hadn't brought the car that day.
You called the chauffeur out of a habit.
- I did it out of a habit. - Don't call a chauffeur...
when you didn't bring the car.
"Since I drank, I must call the chauffeur."
- You did it out of a habit. - That's right.
- My goodness. - It's a good habit.
It's a good habit.
- I felt so bad. - You know a lot about Ji Min.
Are you flaunting how close the two of you are?
You talked over her.
Are you carrying her backpack?
- What are you doing? - I am sorry to cut you off...
I am not carrying her backpack.
Ji Min, I am sorry to cut you off,
- but the two of you met again. - Yes.
I wanted to know how it feels.
- Would you stop hosting the show? - Why are you hosting the show?
I wasn't hosting the show.
Why are you hosting the show?
Some people wonder if the rumor made the two of you grow distant.
There was a rumor about the two of you dating.
Being cautious around each other...
- made us grow distant. - Really?
Recently,
I ranked men who were rumored...
to be my boyfriend.
1st was Heo Kyung Hwan and 2nd was Hyun Moo.
I received a text from Hyun Moo when the episode aired.
"Why am I second?"
(Clingy)
That's pathetic.
You don't let go.
- You don't let go. - I was joking.
He wasn't joking.
I replied, "It was a joke."
- He read it but didn't reply. - "No replies".
I hated that Heo Kyung Hwan was top one.
Ji Min's ideal type used to be a smart man.
I heard that's not the case anymore.
Smart men are cool and sexy.
- That's right. - I see.
Ever since I met Hyun Moo,
I don't like men who know they are smart.
That's right.
Men who try hard to look smart...
- no longer appeal to me. - Is Hyun Moo like that?
- What was that? - Why are you doing that?
Why did you gesture to me like this?
You know,
even when they don't try to act smart,
- smart men exude knowledge. - That's right.
I am worried it won't show.
Instead of exuding knowledge, but dredges it up.
- He dredges it up. - By himself.
- He dredges up his knowledge. - I flaunt it.
He flaunts it.
For men, action should come before words.
There is no need to act smart.
When men solve a problem at a critical moment,
women will go crazy.
- How did this come about? - He is talking about himself.
- I have no idea. - You talked...
- about yourself, right? - I thought he was sleep talking.
It was a monodrama.
When you do something like that, the production crew goes crazy.
- Give me the spotlight. - Spotlight!
It's a lonely day.
Your ideal type isn't a smart man.
I like a smart man who doesn't act smart.
- A man who doesn't act smart. - Ji Min likes it...
when a man answers her question,
not when he goes on and on about something she didn't ask.
- She doesn't like a braggart. - Right.
- Is Hyun Moo like that? - This isn't about me.
Why are you picking on me? I am not like that.
- I don't know much. - I didn't think you were like that.
Hyun Moo always does this.
If he is wearing a new outfit, he goes,
"You don't know this brand, do you?"
That's the worst.
(Helplessness)
You should have kept the brand to yourself.
- Hyun Moo is like that. - You must hate coming to the shoot.
(He can't redeem himself.)
- You like smart men. - I like smart men.
I like it when they explain things from a field I am not familiar with.
Despite his image on TV, Hyun Moo is a good man.
He is a very good man.
He is polite, smart, and hardworking.
He is the light man.
- "The light man"? - You mean "The right man".
- What makes him the light man? - I don't know what to say.
He is the light man of Happy Together.
- The light man. - That's great.
Eun Jung, you mistakenly thought that an actor likes you.
- He didn't like you. - This sounds like a fun story.
This sounds like a fun story.
Eun Jung, what happened?
When there are men around me, I keep my guards up.
(She turns on her radar.)
When I was in a drama,
I thought someone was showing his interest.
- Right. - "Have you eaten?"
He brought me coffee...
and asked to have a meal with him after the shoot.
That seems like...
It sounds like he was making a move.
I thought to myself, "He is interested in me."
One day, I saw him ask another actress to eat with him.
I thought to myself,
"He must be embarrassed to eat alone with me."
- You began to write a story. - She began to justify herself.
- She began to write a story. - You thought he likes you.
I thought he asked another actress to join...
to create comfortable atmosphere.
We ate together.
- I feigned disinterest... - I see.
in front of him.
A month later, the two of them began to date.
(She was back-stabbed.)
No way!
- That's incredible. - When that happened,
I felt so disappointed.
- It's understandable. - I see.
- I had my hopes up. - That's right.
They called you over...
- so that they can meet comfortably. - I was the bait.
- It was the other way around. - Yes.
You have know-how of keeping a relationship secret...
that involves body language.
When I go somewhere,
- people recognize me by my voice. - Right.
- I had the same thought. - Her voice is distinct.
- You have a distinct voice. - Really?
I think people won't recognize me. When I say "Hello,"
- people recognize me. - Right.
Why don't you act it out?
It doesn't matter if I wear sunglasses and a hat.
"What should we eat?" Then people know who I am.
- I know why. - People recognize me by my voice.
I thought people recognize me by my face.
You have a long face.
Your chin sticks out when you wear a mask.
- Why don't you wear two masks? - My face...
Maybe people recognize me by my long face.
(Hide your chin.)
- Your chin sticks out. - Yes.
A mask isn't big enough to cover my chin.
Even though she is an actress, she makes fun of herself.
- That's not easy. - She is perfect for variety shows.
People recognize me by my voice.
You do have a unique voice.
I decided to conceal my voice...
if I am in a relationship.
That's why I use body language for everything.
- How? - For an example...
Try, "Give me a cup of coffee."
I can order iced Americano with a lot of ice...
- and accumulate points, - How do you do that?
- for an example. - Can you do that?
How do you do that with body language?
- Can you do that? - Give it a try.
(It begins.)
What do you want to drink?
(She moves her hands diligently.)
- Did you get it? - What did you say?
- I can do it again. - I see.
You have bad teeth.
(He failed to comprehend.)
- Is that what you said? - Is this "Family Arcade"?
- Let's try it again. - This is like a game.
(Make a guess.)
- "I have bad teeth." - "I have bad teeth."
- "Jaw". - "You need magnesium."
Iced Americano.
(What's the answer?)
I want iced Americano with ice and two shots.
I will pay by card and accumulate points.
Your boyfriend needs to understand it.
Two shots.
You said that you cover your mouth.
- This is hard. - I take off my mask for this.
It's hard to be her boyfriend.
Why don't you give us a problem...
- without saying anything? - We'll try again.
- Don't say anything. - This is too easy.
- This is a quiz. - I will give you a quiz.
Okay.
"Don't say a word about the fact that I drank."
Water...
What?
What was that?
"Don't say a word about the fact..."
- "that I drank." - "that I drank."
- I'm sorry. - "Shut your mouth."
My hand gesture was off.
- It looked like soju. - That's right.
- Try it again. - Cue.
"I am hungry."
(They watch her again.)
- I figured it out. - What?
"I want water and tissue."
That's right.
- "I want water." - "I want water."
"I need water and napkin."
You want two items.
You need many skills to go out with Eun Jung.
- It's like a different language. - There must be a connection.
- He needs wits. - That's right.
I can never go out with someone who is as senseless as Myung Soo.
- He needs to get punched. - Exactly.
- We are talking about many topics. - It was quite fun.
Jung Chae Yeon became...
- the icon of first love. - I see.
- She succeeded Suzy. - That's right.
She is in a drama with Yeo Jin Goo.
You are the same age as Yeo Jin Goo.
Yes. Both of us were born in 1997.
How was it to act with Yeo Jin Goo?
He gave me a lot of trust.
He has a lot of experiences in acting.
I was unfamiliar with the set.
When I didn't know what to do,
he thought out a scene with me.
I depended on him a lot.
I watched the drama.
A scene in which he carries you on his back was memorable.
The shoot took place late at night.
I only had to pretend to sleep on his back,
- but he had to carry me. - That's right.
I felt really bad.
It must have been physically exhausting.
I said, "I am not very heavy."
- "My weight..." - This is...
- It's like a line from a drama. - Most people say the opposite.
- I know. - It's like a line from a drama.
Then he said,
"I worked out a lot. I can carry you."
It's like a line from a drama about first love.
Seriously.
- I should write it down. - It's a drama.
Actors are like that. They are different from comedians.
- What makes you say that? - Comedians go,
"You are heavier than I imagined." Then they throw you off.
- Actors are cool. - It must make your heart flutter.
The two Chae Yeons...
prepared something for Happy Together.
- Really? - They will dance to "Two of Us".
Jung Chae Yeon and Chae Yeon will perform.
Let's go.
(Get ready.)
(It’s part of the lyric from Chae Yeon's hit song.)
(Let's go!)
(They are in sync.)
This is great.
(They exude fresh and pure charms.)
(Let's go!)
What's that?
(Jung Chae Yeon and Chae Yeon's collaborative performance)
(They don't disappoint.)
- They can dance well. - They are like sisters.
- Seriously. - Exactly.
Both of them can dance well.
(Please make a duo.)
I met Chae Yeon for the first time today.
I heard a lot about her.
- What did you hear? - I heard that she is very nice.
- That's right. - I heard that...
she is nice and popular among men.
Did you plan this conversation during the break?
- It's not in the script. - Was it obvious?
This is "Online Girlfriend Special".
I heard that Eun Jung is very generous.
- It's a well-known fact. - Right.
When her manager got married, she gave him a foreign car,
a watch, clothes,
as well as a money gift of 5,000 dollars.
You even welcomed the guests with the family at the wedding.
Yes. He knows a lot of my faults.
You had to be nice to him.
I had to silence him.
She has worked with that manager for more than 10 years.
- That's right. - That's impressive.
How long has it been?
We have worked together for 12 years.
- It has been long. - Eun Jung is loyal.
There are people I like or take under my wings.
- I go all out for them. - We should be friends.
I heard his agent left us a comment.
He told us that he lets Eun Jung do whatever she wants.
- He even lets her cursing slide. - I see.
- She pays him on time. - I...
She pays him on time.
- I... - You're never late.
- After the episode aired, - Yes.
I earned this reputation of a swearing lady. I'm serious.
People asked me if I was that good at swearing at my agent.
- I actually did it to be funny. - I see.
But you did curse at him, didn't you?
- Her agent... - Did you check the facts?
- It's because they are close. - Right.
I mean, Myung Soo does the same thing, right?
They swear at each other, so no harm done.
- His agent badmouths him a lot. - It's a two-way street.
(They are even.)
We will live a long life.
(We hope your friendship never falters.)
- You had mood swings in your 20s. - I did.
So you said that your agent had a hard time.
I mean, I was young at that time.
- I understand. - I didn't know when I worked a lot.
That's why my agent's job could have been harder.
- But he cut me some slack. - I bet it was tough.
Now, after all these years, I realized that...
I'm quite sorry to my agent.
- You're sorry after 12 years? - You're too late.
I have grown up after 12 years.
- Earlier, her agent said... - I tortured him for last 12 years.
- Did you cry when he got married? - Yes?
(He's her agent of 12 years.)
- How was it? - I did cry.
- It felt like my brother's wedding. - I could understand that.
I see why she'd feel that way.
To whom did you give the biggest cash gift for weddings?
- It's Jae Seok. - I see. How much did you give him?
- I think it was quite sizable. - So how much?
Jae Seok gave me a generous amount.
- I gave him slightly more. - He did.
He saw it as a payment for his insurance.
- He didn't have any choice. - Insurance for his job.
I'm always grateful and sorry to him.
When I saw how much he gave me, I thought about returning it.
I thought about returning it.
- To Myung Soo? - I felt uncomfortable about it.
I thought that Myung Soo went out of his way for the gift.
- Will you give a lot for Hyun Moo? - Of course.
(When they let down their guard...)
- Of course. - I must give a lot for Hyun Moo's.
- Do you mean it? - Yes. I ought to.
People follow the 3-5-7 rule.
I thought I was on Eun Jung's talk show.
Is it 30-50-70 dollars rule?
- You three are the guests. - Exactly.
- That's why a while ago, - This is Eun Jung's talk show.
I really thought it was "Eun Jung's Salon".
(Welcome to "Eun Jung's Salon".)
- We are at Eun Jung's Salon. - This isn't a salon.
I like the ambience of this place.
You said earlier that the ambience wasn't great. Now, it's good?
- I told you she has mood swings. - I see. Mood swings.
I think her agent did deserve to get those pays.
Thinking back, I forget to ask her this question.
I'm curious about your dating life.
Are you guys currently in a relationship?
You dated your last boyfriend six years ago?
It hasn't been six years yet.
It's been about five years?
- That was a long time ago. - It's been four years.
You have some gone on some dates though, right?
I didn't go on many dates though.
I was very busy with work in China for three years.
I never had a chance to go out.
- Ja Hyun and Xiaoguang got married. - That's right.
- I'm envious of them. - They're the Korea-China couple.
Didn't Chinese celebrities court you?
- Did they when you were in China? - I heard many were interested.
I could have had flings.
A guy from my first drama showed that he was interested in me.
- There was a guy? - Yes.
But I couldn't speak Chinese back then.
(The language barrier)
It was hard to communicate. When we tried to talk, we had to...
- use dictionaries or phones. - How unfortunate.
- It was so hard. - How did he show his interest?
My curiosity is getting better of me.
When I was filming my scene at the shoot,
he would come to me after his scene.
- Did he look at you? - Yes, he did.
Do you know these gestures?
When I blow him a kiss, he would take it and eat it.
- He showed endearments. - He ate your kiss?
At the shoot?
- It must've been packed. - I bet people were there.
No, we were just goofing around.
Everyone was aware that...
this actor publicly named me as my fan.
I mean, I didn't know a lot at that time.
- It was my first drama in China. - I see.
- Actors have their own chairs. - Right.
At first, I didn't even have one.
- I had to buy and get it delivered. - That's right.
Since I didn't know, he ordered it for me.
- He was very considerate. - You must've felt reassured.
- Yes, but... - I bet.
we couldn't talk to each other when we were sitting down together.
The interpreter had to be here for us to talk.
So it didn't work out. After him, well...
I heard that you are so lonely...
that when you get sleep paralysis,
- you're reassured. - My goodness.
- But it's a nightmare. - No, that...
Well, it could be because I'm lonely.
when I was sleeping, I was facing the wall one night.
I know before I get sleep paralysis.
- "It's here." - "What should I?" I felt it.
But all of a sudden,
When you get a massage, you get...
- this nice feeling of thrill. - Yes, I know what it is.
I got the goosebumps with that feeling from my toes.
- It felt like someone touching me. - Right, right.
I thought, "What is this?"
(Excuse me?)
Why are you feeling it?
What kind of dream did you have?
It felt like someone was warmly hugging me from the back.
- That's a new one I haven't heard. - How unique.
So after I had that dream,
- it wasn't hard to wake up from. - Is that so?
After I wake up from sleep paralysis,
I said, "What is this dream? Why am I feeling like this?"
- Are you sure it was a lucid dream? - Yes.
- I don't think so. - Usually, those dreams are scary.
My friends told me that it must have been a guy.
- You said you had a similar dream. - I get sleep paralysis often.
- It was the same dream. - My goodness.
- Someone was touching me. - Right?
- Someone was softly touching me. - He was stroking my hair.
- My gosh. - The moment I got it...
Usually, I would try to wake up from it, but I thought,
"Should I let it continue?"
(Get a grip!)
I'm serious.
My goodness. What kind of dream is it? Why is everyone...
It feels like someone is blowing on my neck.
- Are you sure no one was there? - She really might be lonely.
I have never had a similar dream. So I don't know what it is.
- I get it often. - My gosh.
You heard them talking so far. What about you, Chae Yeon?
It's not easy for you to date now, is it?
Didn't your agency ban you from dating?
"I don't think you should be dating now."
"I think you should focus on work now." That's what he said.
- So I think I'm not allowed to. - That means...
But from what I heard, regardless of their permission or not,
- people still dated. - Of course.
- They had their own means, right? - Exactly.
- I host the show with idol singers. - The national holidays are nearing.
- Right. - When I host, I can spot them.
- Singers like Lee Teuk, Shin Dong, - I heard they can spot everyone.
or Apink don't care about that. They have fun with each other.
- They just... - They have a good time.
They have a blast. But singers in their 3rd or 4th year...
I mean, they are getting popular. I can spot some of them.
They think they're exchanging eye contacts in secret.
When I look at them from the top, I see them looking at each other.
- I knew it. - They keep looking at each other...
- with people around them. - That's right.
I'd just observe them, and Lee Teuk would say,
"They are definitely dating."
He'd tell me that
If we were all in the same place, it'd be hard to notice.
- But from the above... - Seriously.
- If I spill, there will be a chaos. - They may be looking at each other.
- I should be careful too. - They might send signals too.
- "I should be careful too"? - They send secret signals,
- but I can see everything. - Why must you be careful, Sae Ho?
It's always better to be cautious.
- You're not on the show though. - He thinks he must be careful.
- Even if I'm not on it, - Right. You're not on it.
I don't want to reveal my heart on this show.
I guess my radar about that is nonexistent.
When Jae Seok and his wife were dating,
I really had no clue.
Ms. Bong Choon.
Yes, this is in-house broadcasting.
She sounds nervous.
You really didn't know?
When they talked to each other on the show, I was clueless.
- We weren't dating then. - I see.
- You weren't dating then? - Then you were right.
- You were right. - I see.
- It wasn't that you were clueless. - They weren't dating.
- You dated after the show? I see. - Yes.
My goodness.
After appearing on a dating show, on the plane-ride back,
I heard that a guy interlocked his fingers.
- What? - He interlocked his fingers?
- Yes. - How was I in the dark about this?
- I knew nothing. - You only worked.
- But during the filming, - Yes.
they showed a lot of interest in a playful manner.
- Those two... - Who are they?
- Who are they? I'm curious. - "He's interested in her!"
He would tease the other guy for fun.
Try to focus. Can't you remember? He said, "He's interested in her!"
- No. - It didn't happen during the shoot.
It was when we were moving to another place.
We would walk together to the places.
We settled that we are going to be good friends to each other.
I was sleeping on the flight back.
I had the blanket over me while I was sleeping.
He kept holding my hand.
But I didn't want to retract my hand.
- Why didn't I know about this? - No one could have known this.
I was on that flight.
You didn't sit next to her. How could you have known?
- Right. - She was on my team too.
(Jae Seok wasn't in on this.)
- My gosh. - I didn't know about that.
- People must be diligent to do it. - It gave my heart a flutter.
- But you never went out with him? - What if he was a player?
- Or did you break up with him? - Eun Jung was listening and said,
"What if he was a player?"
(Jae Seok catches Eun Jung.)
Oh, right. So he could've done the same on a different flight?
- Did he like interlocking fingers? - He liked interlocking fingers?
Myung Soo thinks the guy liked interlocking fingers.
But Myung Soo, I heard when you first met your wife,
you didn't hold her hand.
- He interlocked his fingers first. - Who are you talking about?
- Myung Soo. - Could he be a player?
(Unable to speak)
That was the funniest remark you mad today.
- I bet he's a player. - She doesn't trust easily.
- Even if I am one, I got married. - I see.
- I knew I had to make her mind. - But...
I don't know who held Chae Yeon's hand, but my goodness.
I hadn't had the faintest idea that happened.
I bet there were more guys who tried to make a move on you.
- Here's another one. - What is it this time?
- She's going to tell us everything. - It's all in the past.
- Then why didn't you tell me? - It happened three years ago.
- You didn't ask. - Right, I didn't.
- Tell us one more. - Yes, please.
On the show, guys stood on one side, and girls the other side.
- We had to flirt with each other. - Yes, that's right.
We I starred with close friends, we made a promise to each other.
- We promised to choose each other. - Really?
- Sometimes, there's a surprise. - What is it? What?
I promised to choose this friend.
- But someone would choose me. - Someone you never had in mind.
They had a race while coming to my spot.
At that moment, I had no choice but to pick the new guy.
- The new guy was that desperate. - He was aggressive.
I had promised to choose my friend.
So I didn't know what I should do.
I ended up making the choice with a fluttered heart.
- That's good. - Yes.
- What did you do then? - Did you betray your friend?
- I ended up choosing the new guy. - You chose the new guy.
- Why did you do that? - What would your friend do?
I couldn't think about my friend.
(I don't care.)
Chae Yeon chose the new guy.
He made my heart flutter,
and he was throwing himself to the point of getting hurt.
So I thought I had to choose him.
When you become a couple like that,
do you talk to each other even after the shoot?
- I... - That never happens.
talked to him.
- Hyun Moo, you... - Now that some time has passed,
she's telling us everything.
- I wonder who it is. - Tell us who he is.
Aren't we all curious?
- It's fun. - Yes.
- Why aren't you saying anything? - About what?
- You have to ask her a question. - Have you...
Ask me a question.
When I say something, you think I'm trying to take your job.
What would you do...
if a man suddenly lock his fingers with yours?
- Would you shake him off? - I won't let go of him.
Why would I lose the opportunity? I won't lose it.
It was Sae Ho who did it.
(She pauses.)
Let's say we are...
good friends.
We met up for a meal and went to see a movie. And I locked our fingers.
- Right. - What would you do?
Why are you smiling?
(It's an awkward situation.)
What would you do then?
- What if it's Sae Ho? - Yes.
He's looking sharp with that dress shirt.
- Think about it. - I won't shake him off.
- Really? - Yes.
- That's amazing. - I think Sae Ho is great.
Give me some time to think over this.
- He's playing hard-to-get. - So that's what was happening.
That's what he was doing.
- She was serious. - I was mistaken.
When you date someone...
without officially becoming a couple, it's not very good.
How long do you think that period should last?
What do you think, Eun Jung?
I like...
taking time to judge someone.
- How long does it take? - Even if you're just dating?
When I take long, it takes about a year.
(Everyone is shocked.)
- One year? - My gosh.
- How can it take a year? - Wouldn't he die of impatience?
How can you take a year to judge someone's character?
Eun Jung might think they're not in a relationship.
- But the guy might think... - He might think they are.
they were in a relationship.
- Do you draw the line? - He might think that.
Do you draw a clear line so that he doesn't misunderstand?
I give subtle hints so that he would know it.
- What are those hints? - Here's one example.
When he asks where I am, I tell him why I should tell him.
- That's how you draw the line. - Yes.
- And? - When he sends me a message,
if we were officially going out, I would reply immediately.
But when we're not officially dating, I don't reply immediately.
- You don't. - You make it difficult.
- You drive guys mad. - She's playing a game.
- It's too difficult. - We're not in a relationship.
But it does evolve into a relationship, right?
- Of course. - But...
- the steps are difficult. - Right.
It's even harder than a bear becoming a human.
- It's harder. - He could bear grudge.
While doing that, I sometimes...
do a little test on him.
- How? - It's too see how he reacts.
- What do you do? - It's a real test.
For about a week, I go out of touch.
- Do you really do that? - Yes.
- It's like a personality test. - Yes.
- She makes people go crazy. - Yes.
Going out of touch for a day is not good enough.
- You have to do it for a month. - A month.
Isn't that too long?
- He might forget you. - What if he forgets you?
What if he gets a girlfriend in that one month?
- Then it's over. - That's okay.
- It means we're not meant to be. - They're not meant to be.
- The guy... - Yes.
When you go out of touch, how should he react?
He should remain calm, right?
- I see if he's calm about it... - Some can't stand it.
- Or if he obsesses. - or if he obsesses over me.
That test is really difficult.
- He can't get obsessed. - A bar exam would be easier.
And the test lasts for a year.
It's harder than becoming a member of Wanna One.
(Eun Jung's boyfriends could form a group.)
- "I am Eun Jung's boyfriend." - Right.
- No, it's... - I am Eun Jung's boyfriend
- It's me - It's me
He can't be obsessed with you.
People who I approve...
- are really amazing. - I see.
The test sounds really tough.
We only heard about it briefly, but it doesn't sound easy.
So the guys who passed her test are living happily with their wife.
- She... - You're right.
- Right? - You're right.
You raise them.
- None of them are with me. - She trained them well.
- Eun Jung... - She trained them all.
discovered many good husband materials.
- She's like a teacher. - She's like an agency owner.
The wives of these men might send you a thank you letter.
"You trained my husband well."
How about you, Chae Yeon?
Actually, I am very bad at expressing my emotions.
I'm the same to my friends.
So even if I find someone I am interested in,
- I can't tell him my feelings. - You just keep it to yourself.
So you have to wait for the guy to approach you.
He has to approach you first.
When he approaches me, I am thankful to him.
- But if he doesn't approach me... - You just feel sorry.
You think you're not meant to be.
- I make the guy approach me. - How do you do that?
That's really difficult.
- That's... - It's difficult.
- That's really difficult. - Men are slow.
- You're a master. - While talking on the phone,
if the guy I'm interested in says,
"I have to wake up at 8am, but I don't know if I can."
- Let's say he said that. - Let's say he had to get up at six.
I would wake up 10 minutes before 6 and...
- You call him. - send him a message if he's up.
"You said you had to get up early."
Your voice made it so easy to understand.
- "Are you up?" - By the way...
"Are you up? If you're not up..."
(She would sing her song.)
(It will force him to get up.)
- You just need to pinch him. - If he still doesn't wake up,
I would call him and wake him up.
- I'd tell him... - It's lovely.
- I called him because I was up. - You'd have to remember his words.
- I'd do that. - Those little things matter.
You're really thankful when someone does that.
Have you ever sent him a photo of yourself?
A photo of you crying.
(He brings up her dark past.)
I was just asking.
- That was after her album came out. - "I was just being sad."
- "I'm watching a movie." - Should I call him while crying?
Let's say I haven't done it yet.
When you date a guy,
I heard you do a lot of events for him.
- Do girls do events for guys? - He'd be so happy.
- Do girls usually do that? - I don't do a lot.
I like raising the guy's spirit.
- That's nice. - You're a good girlfriend.
- She's a good wife material. - She is.
I make sure he doesn't know that it was me who did it.
I cook different dishes,
put them in a box, and send it to him.
- I put up a banner for him. - You are amazing.
- Can you be my boyfriend? - My gosh.
Does she have to wait a year?
She needs to get tested.
- That's not true. - She needs to get tested.
When this gets aired, Eun Jung will...
- Eun Jung will... - My gosh.
- Her manager will... - I need to go to the editing room.
- I... - You say that every time.
I think this might make it difficult for me to get married.
On the internet, people...
will post about how to prepare for Eun Jung's test.
Or how to write a resume for the application.
People will search about what they should do when she's out of touch.
- It would be really funny... - I...
if we ask a guy she tested a year after the test.
He would say, "I just aged a year."
(He only got a year older.)
I only wanted to make this show funny.
But now I'm worried I will lose the chance of getting married.
I think you would do big events for your boyfriend.
- What do you say? - When you're in a relationship.
I'd treat him so well.
(She completely changes.)
(She gets embarrassed after saying it.)
- All right. - She changed.
Eun Jung, we get it.
(Her attempt to make herself look sweet has failed.)
- What did I do? - It's so funny.
When I like someone,
I treat him really nicely.
- Right. - Yes.
- It just takes a long time. - It takes long to be her man.
I heard there's an actor you are interested in.
- Is there someone? - I don't know about a relationship,
but I've been watching him closely.
- He would go through a test too. - Who would it be?
- It's Ryu Jun Yeol. - Ryu Jun Yeol.
Ryu Jun Yeol is handsome.
- But he's got a girlfriend. - He's dating Hye Ri.
- Right. So I changed my mind. - He's with Hye Ri.
- It's Cho Sae Ho now. - Really?
Isn't it such a big jump to go from Jun Yeol to Sae Ho?
- I mean... - Are you looking down on Sae Ho?
I am not saying this because I'm on TV.
I really think Sae Ho is amazing.
- He's really great. - What do you say, Sae Ho?
If I ask for her number after the shoot,
she's not going to turn me down, is she?
- She won't say that. - That's a test.
- Is it? - She will see how you'd react...
if she doesn't give you her number.
(Sae Ho becomes one of the men she tested.)
- Then... - She will see what you'll do...
- if she stays... - If ever...
out of touch for a year.
I will send my parents a video message first.
I think we have to cancel our dinner tomorrow.
If you make a joke out it, you will lose points.
- You should take it seriously. - What should I do?
You should ask how Sae Ho feels about you.
If Eun Jung...
expresses her interest in me,
- why would I reject her? - Right.
- I'd be honored. - You can start dating then.
I will change to Hyun Moo.
Don't you think you are too easy?
- What are you doing? - What just happened?
You're unbelievable.
- What are you doing? - Is this the test?
This is a test.
- This is a test. - It's a test.
Who are you testing?
- Sae Ho. - It's a test.
- Sae Ho. - Stay calm.
- When she mentioned me... - Hyun Moo is...
- a good man. - Stay calm.
You should've smiled.
(He smiles awkwardly.)
I wonder if she's...
- Yes. - serious about Sae Ho.
- I wonder if she is serious. - You should exchange numbers.
- Take her out on a date. - I don't know how she feels.
If Miss Han is okay with it...
- Great. - Call her by her first name.
If Eun Jung is okay with it, I'd love to take her out.
- Good. - We'll check them after a year.
(The result will be announced a year later.)
We thank the four guests for joining us today.
(Thank you everyone.)
We are The Legendary Big Mouth.
(Sing My Song)
Long time no see.
- Long time no see. - Have you been well?
- I missed you all. - Me too.
- I missed you. - We have news to share.
- Soo Yong. - Yes.
Soo Yong was...
once really busy. I heard he had...
- He was on five shows. - How many are you on now?
I am exclusively on Happy Together.
(He is exclusively on Happy Together.)
You're exclusively on this show.
You can't see him anywhere else.
- Only on Happy Together. - These days, he bought...
the jacket in different colors.
- I did buy them in other colors. - They are quite light.
(Last week, he revealed his red jacket.)
What kind of colors does it come in?
- I have them in many colors... - You have them all.
- at home. - You'll take turns?
I have to appear on TV to wear them.
(I have to appear on TV to wear them.)
He bought them in different colors with the commercial he did.
I haven't seen them for a while. They have changed a lot.
When I saw Yong Man's outfit today,
I thought he was a lord from the medieval time.
(An outfit from the medieval time)
- The rings on his sweater... - You know he's like a count.
I wondered why the door-rings from my house were on his sweater.
- You know nothing about fashion. - They are rings on the doors.
- The ones from the old times. - Your sweater is pretty cool.
- The rings on the drawers. - Exactly.
Don't you think you buttoned them all the way up?
I don't know which ones are buttoned up and which ones not.
Isn't this like a straitjacket used by magicians for tricks?
It does look like it after looking at it for a while.
That's precisely it.
- In a way, - You can't tell the difference.
this is a battle about who gets out of this karaoke first.
I think my stylist made me wear this to match the concept.
Last week, it was a special about getting off work early.
- You were the Get-off-work Fairy. - You must tell us what happened.
- I was the first one to leave. - You were always the first one.
- Yes. - He's the Get-off-work Fairy.
- Seok Jin is Get-off-work Ghost. - Get-off-work Ghost.
He can't seem to get off work.
Whenever I'm paired with a singer born in 1981, I'm done for.
I'll be the last one.
Kim Tae Woo, Lyn, and Gummy.
Everyone was born in 1981.
Every one of them went home last?
- Yes, they were last. - Goodness, that's unbelievable.
It was a shock that Gummy was last.
I never thought it'd be her.
Anyway, let me tell you about today's district.
- We are in Hongdae. - Hongdae!
(Hongdae street in Seogyo-dong)
All right. Let's find out four teams of today's singers.
- Let's meet these famous singers. - Luck plays a role.
We have invited the most sought-after singers in each genre.
- Sought-after stars in each genre? - We'll present ultimate singers.
We are going to start with the singer in the first room.
It's Room with Soulful, Masterpiece Songs.
- "Soulful"? - "Soulful".
- That's it's rhythm and blues. - Yes, it must be.
- It's rhythm and blues. - It definitely is.
Let us present you the first room.
("One Love Is Forgotten with Another Love" By Soulful Singer)
[VIU Ver] E523 Happy Together
-= Ruo Xi =-
(He calmly starts singing.)
- It's a guy. - It's a man.
Isn't this Ha Reem's song?
He has a sweet voice.
(Mellow voice)
(The soulful vocalist sings nonchalantly.)
He's the friend born in 1981 whom Gummy has mentioned.
- He was born in 1981? - Give us a hint.
- If he was born in 1981... - Wait!
- It's Wheesung! - Then I won't guess this singer.
Soo Hong! I know the answer.
- Wheesung. - Wheesung?
It's not Wheesung.
(Is it Wheesung who was born in 1981 with full of soul?)
That's correct!
- It was Wheesung? - My gosh!
- Didn't I tell you? - Why is he coming onto our show?
You know that singers born in 1981 will get off work last!
He sang it at a lower tone.
(Wheesung)
(He's like a generator of masterpiece ballad songs.)
("Can't You", "Heartsore Story",)
("Even Thought of Marriage", "With Me", and so on...)
(Wheesung, the representative singer of rhythm and blues)
- Wheesung. - Soo Hong is your partner.
- Welcome. - Hello.
- He is... - Goodness.
- He and I are friends. - Really?
Singers who were born in 1981...
- always stayed until the end. - Everyone did.
I heard that Hwanhee wasn't able to get off work.
- Are you friends with him? - Yes.
- Gummy couldn't either. - Hwanhee and Tae Woo.
- Lyn and Tae Woo too? - Lyn either.
- That includes Gummy. - Right.
- No one really got off work. - I can already see your future.
- I'll be an exception. - I know how it will play out.
But the thing is that they all partnered up with Seok Jin.
- They were all my partners. - Is that so?
So we wonder if this is the curse of Seok Jin...
- or singers who were born in 1981. - It will be decided today.
- Today's result will determine it. - It will be revealed today.
- Is it me or them? - Wheesung, you released an album.
- Yes. - Your name is Realslow?
"Realslow"?
You can treat it as a name for the project.
There's this genre called slow jam in rhythm and blues.
- black musicians use this genre. - I know what it is.
It's the kind of music you play when you're setting the mood with girls.
I really like the genre.
I really wanted to make real music of the genre.
So I named it "Realslow".
I plan to release that kind of songs under the name Realslow.
I wonder what kind of song it is.
- How is it like? - How different is it?
- What is it? - We don't know the genre well.
- Besides, we don't... - It's about slow jam.
play music at night with women.
(They don't listen to music.)
- That's too harsh. - Why did you say that?
- We play music. - Of course we play music.
- Why wouldn't we play songs? - They are used to hearing nagging.
- What are you talking about? - They are used to that.
- I listen to music at home. - It's great to play...
- "Kiss and Say Goodbye" at night. - "Kiss and Say Goodbye"?
- So what is the song like? - Sing a snippet for us.
The genre of some songs I released back in the days is slow jam.
- There's a song named "Choco Luv". - How does it go?
- Let me sing you a bit of the song. - Sing us just a little.
At a corner
(Wheesung slowly begins dancing to the song.)
- He's incredible. - Our eyes meet
(He gets into the song.)
- The air is changing. - This is nice.
You're my only one, only one, only girl
Isn't this just a ballad song?
No, no.
I ask because I don't know much about music.
- No, it's different. - He's doing his best.
- What's wrong with you? - He just doesn't know.
I really don't know. Isn't it a ballad song?
- You don't know the feel. - They have different rhythms.
- Oh, right. - Sing it as a ballad song.
This is the rhythm for ballad songs.
At a corner of my room
- It doesn't have the vibe. - Sing it as Realslow.
(Singing slowly)
- So this is... - You didn't put effort before.
- Now, you put effort into it. - No. Hey, look.
- That's not it? - Let me tell you about the feel.
- I don't know. That's all. - So this is...
If ballad songs grab you like this,
this kind of songs grab you like this.
(It's a soft touch.)
It tickles and spreads throughout your body.
- I see. That's how it is. - It's soft.
- Goodness! - I must teach him about rhythm.
- Exactly. He has no clue. - But I can differentiate them.
- You can? - Stop lying.
- It's groovy. It's a slow song. - Yes, a bit.
We know. There's a specific feel to it.
- Precisely. - It's special.
- You felt it too, correct? - Of course I did.
All right. Soo Hong and Wheesung are paired up now.
The second room is Room of a Barefoot Diva.
- That sounds like Lee Eun Mi. - Of course, we know her.
- Is it Eun Mi? - Eun Mi?
Wheesung, are you in the dark too?
- Yes. It sounds like her. - All right.
- The nickname is... - It's Eun Mi's nickname.
Let's check out the second room.
Why did she name herself Barefoot Diva?
("Greenhorn" by Barefoot Diva)
(Her long hair stands out from the back.)
(Can you recognize her voice?)
- Isn't this "Greenhorn"? - Let us listen to her voice.
"Greenhorn"? The song is...
("Greenhorn"? Then she should be...)
- I'm so curious. - I know the answer!
- Yes? - Yangpa.
You always say her name.
Gosh, how can you always name her?
Yangpa, you should star on our show once!
(Shaking)
(She's trying to hold in her excitement.)
- I know the answer. - Yes?
- It's the one I said earlier. - Okay.
- "Barefoot" reminds me of her. - Who is she?
- Who is she? - I know who she is.
"24 Hours". It's Sun Mi.
Sun Mi! That's correct.
- It was Sun Mi? - Yes.
(Sun Mi)
(She debuted as a solo artist with daring charms.)
("24 Hours")
("Full Moon")
("Gashina")
(She's the hottest singer.)
(She aims to become the center of 2018, going beyond her popularity.)
(The representative dancing diva, Sun Mi)
Her song hit the charts hard in the 2nd half of 2017.
- I think she is... - She sang "Gashina".
the most promising singer who might get off work first.
- Yong Man, you might... - She sang "Gashina".
- She did sing that song. - It's highly likely to be sung.
- I have to agree. - That's right.
- Are you leaving me? It's great. - Are you leaving me?
I wonder if Yong Man is going to get to...
leave Seok Jin with the song, "Gashina".
- Will I leave first? - Will I leave first?
Which one will leave first?
Or will his sanity leave him first after waiting for a long time?
- I either leave or my sanity does. - Will his sanity leave him?
- I like the rhyme. I like it. - Either you or the sanity will go.
When we filmed this segment at various karaoke rooms,
- A lot of people sang the song. - It's sung within 1st 30 minutes.
- What a bummer. - This is amazing.
- It's incredible. - People sing it within 30 minutes.
- New hit songs have the upper hand. - That's right.
- Wheesung has a lot of hit songs, - That's so true.
but his songs aren't listed in the recent music charts.
Some of my songs are sung by many regardless of the trend.
I know that.
It sounds like you're already offended.
Wheesung, you might get angry at me later in the shoot.
- His true colors are showing. - Yes, they are.
It's because this is hard to digest.
Sun Mi.
(The dancing diva appears.)
- You must be cold. - Goodness.
- Your partner is Yong Man. - Hello.
(They are the second team.)
- How did you guess it was me? - How have you been?
(A bad example)
(A good example)
You guys behave differently when Wheesung showed up...
and when Sun Mi showed up.
- What do you mean? - It felt like...
- you guys just looked down on me. - Wheesung.
- Goodness, he's Wheesung! - My gosh.
- It's Wheesung. - I have known you for a long time.
- Seriously. - Wait.
We got up and welcomed you.
- You should've worn her outfit. - We showed you the seat.
We got up for Sun Mi and showed her the seat like we did for you.
(Wheesung's entrance)
(They welcomed him with a gentlemanlike applause.)
(Staring)
(Sun Mi's entrance)
(They welcomed her with her hit songs.)
(Dancing)
(Oh, well...)
- The energy feels different. - What does he lack?
I haven't seen you for ages, Wheesung.
- Has it been 10 years? - Yes, it has.
But it looks like your time is going backward.
(It looks like your time is going backward.)
- Wheesung. - Yes?
You are way nicer to her than you were to us.
- Hold on. - I mean, you treat her...
- I think I can understand you now. - Goodness. Seriously.
I'm quite offended.
- Do you get it now? - Come on.
- Yes. - He turned his head.
- He was like this. - His head peeped out.
(Part 2 will continue in a minute.)
She has many songs.
"24 Hours", "Full Moon"...
- "Full Moon". - and "Gashina".
What's the secret of your success?
- Well, my dance is very unique. - Yes.
- It's very unique. - Right.
I...
- don't try to settle. - I see.
You see she was barefoot on her first album.
The dance for the new song is pretty difficult.
- It's not easy to do it. - You're pretty good.
Of course. Shooting is a hard one as well.
- You don't shoot like this. - Right.
- You need to move your shoulder. - He's right.
I seriously watched her music video like 50 times.
I said this on the interview as well.
Seok Jin knows all the details of my music video.
- He knows a lot. - I...
Why do you only watch female music videos?
- You're so strange. - That's not true.
It's not any female music video, but Sun Mi's.
- I told you last time when we met. - Right.
- I analyzed her music video. - Right.
- I know. - Yes.
I'm confident.
Don't analyze the music video. Analyze your wife's state instead.
She didn't go home again.
- She was on a trip. - She never comes back home.
Why does she only take children on a trip?
My gosh. Okay.
We have a pretty competitive line up today.
We have Wheesung and Sun Mi.
- Next, - There is a bit of confusion.
let's check out the third room. Please come out.
("Wa" by Lee Jung Hyun)
(Bowing)
- It's flashy. - That's Jin Young.
(Dancing)
I know. Hong Jin Young.
- I think that's her. - Answer.
- Hong Jin Young. - Is it correct?
- Is it Hong Jin Young? - That must be the answer.
Correct.
- You should've waited. - She's not even singing yet.
How did you know when she's singing?
She was moving like this.
I can tell from her dance.
I can tell it's her from the way she dances.
- It's Jin Young's move. - I mean...
I should've answered it for her.
(They weren't sure, but that was the answer.)
(She's extremely excited.)
(You, Happy Together.)
(Hong Jin Young)
(The idol in the field of trot, the queen of festivals)
(She has many hit songs like "Love Battery", "Boogie Man",)
("Cheer Up", and "Thumb Up")
(And the trot met EDM.)
(Pioneer of EDM trot)
(The leader of trot, Hong Jin Young)
- Jin Young. - We answered it too fast.
- Hello. - Jin Young.
- Here. - Hello.
Hello.
- Nice to meet you. - It seems she is campaigning.
- Nice to meet you. - Have a seat.
- She's here. - Come here.
- Actually... - Yes.
Soo Yong answered it as soon as he saw your dance.
- Really? - Even before you sang.
Without hearing you singing.
- When you did this. - This.
I could tell that it was your move.
- Really? - Yes.
I restrained myself as much as I could.
- No. - Not many female singers do that.
(The dance is not common for female singers.)
- Jin Young is... - Yes.
- the queen of festival. - Right.
She spends more than 100,000 dollars...
in a year for gas.
- Awesome. - Really?
- Really? - Change it to diesel.
She spends 120,000 dollars for gas in a year.
You have more than 1,000 festivals a year on average?
It's a bit...
- exaggerated. - Yes.
What's the most number of festivals you had in a day?
- For this year, it's 6. - 6 in a day.
- Six in a day. - What time should she start?
Sometimes you get confused with the name of the festival.
It shouldn't happen though.
When I do, I say, "Thank you for inviting me."
- Oh, when you can't remember? - Yes.
Because you're in a rush even though you heard it.
"Thank you for inviting me."
The thing is when I have 4 or 5 festivals,
I can't say that every time.
- People record it nowadays. - Right.
So I say in the first festival, "Thank you for inviting me."
In the second on, "Thank you for inviting me to this happy place."
In the last one, "Thank you for inviting me to this pleasing place."
(Jin Young's 3 festival comments)
- Meaningful, happy and pleasing. - Yes.
- Is there anything you say... - She grabs the attention.
to grab the attention when you get there?
For me,
- I provide SV for the audience. - I see.
The service designed for them.
- "SV." - Yes.
- It's an acronym. - Service.
- SV for service. - Yes.
I go to festivals with elderly people...
and university festivals.
So it's different when there are young people.
- Of course. - Yes.
I sing EDM version of "Love Battery".
"Love Battery" EDM version for university festivals?
So you have EDM version of "Love Battery"...
and a normal one for elderly people.
- You switch the batteries. - Yes. Correct.
How is your opening speech different for elderly people...
- and for university students? - When you go to university.
- When I have elderly people, - You need to grab their attention.
I have to speak loud and have a big smile as I appear.
- Show us please. - Sure.
- When I go on the stage... - For elderly people.
Hello. I'm Hong Jin Young. Nice to meet you.
(Old men like it.)
Fantastic.
You're like a machine.
"Nice to meet you."
- I need to be polite. - I see.
- What about for students? - You look pretty polite.
Right. For university students, since they're young...
Hello. I'm Hong Jin Young. Make some noise.
"Make some noise."
You need to make the move as you say it.
I'm sorry, but everything she says doesn't sound pure,
- but she's used to it. - Come on.
Don't say that.
- Seriously. - By the way,
Wheesung's a big fan...
- of Jin Young. - I'm a fan.
- Really? Thank you. - I...
noticed that when she's there, she lights up the mood.
- She's doing that again today. - Right.
- Thank you. - She has bright energy.
I'm sorry, but who are you winking at?
- Who are you doing that to? - At the camera.
- There are many cameras. - Yes.
You see the one with the red light? That's my camera.
- I'm sorry, but that's our camera. - I'm sorry.
- It's all ours. - That's all ours.
It's all ours.
What red light are you talking about?
- The thing is... - Yes.
Seok Jin was thinking about saying it.
Seok Jin refused your song?
- Yes. - Did that happen?
- Yes. - I didn't refuse it.
Rather than saying he refused it,
when I played the song for him,
"It's good, but I don't think it suits me."
- He pretty much refused it. - He refused it.
- I didn't refuse it. - You're unbelievable.
- It was electronic trot. - "Electronic trot"?
- "Electronic trot." - Is that a genre?
- Yes. - "Electronic trot."
- It's electronic trot. - Okay.
- The first one was "Ring Ring". - Ring ring
I decided to write a ballad trot...
since I wrote a fast song before.
That's how I wrote it.
- The song was pretty good. - Really?
It sounded a bit like Chinese music.
When you listen to popular trot songs,
- they have that Chinese feeling. - I see.
- Can you sing for us? - Like...
(Singing)
- That's good. -That's like "I Love You".
Is it?
(The song he refused)
Were you going to give this song to Seok Jin?
- Yes. - Why didn't you take it?
- Do you like it? - Yes.
(He is so gullible.)
- He refused a really nice song. - That's right.
- I memorized it already. - Isn't it nice?
- The melody. - It's nice.
(The melody is easy to remember.)
I'll take it, Jin Young.
- Give me one more chance. - This song's nice.
- Do you want it now, Seok Jin? - Yes.
- The melody lingers in my ears. - It does.
- How about me? - What?
Do you want it?
- She's so bright. - Her tone changed.
Why did you refuse it?
- This isn't right. - I...
This isn't right, Wheesung.
- Even if I was a composer... - What about it?
Do you want to win me so desperately?
- It's getting serious. - The song is...
Give it to Wheesung.
- Jin Young's so happy. - Of course.
I've thought about it.
Kyung Hwan refused "Ring Ring",
but Young Chul did well.
I feel like my songs do well...
- after getting refused. - Right.
Seok Jin refused it, and Wheesung took it.
- It's great. - She didn't get rejected.
- He'll make it great. - I'll make it great.
- This is bad. - This is interesting.
- I will stay out of it. - Will you really do it?
- Yes, I will do it. - Really?
- I will do it. - He changed a lot.
- Will you really do it? - It's done.
I'm good now. Seok Jin, don't call me.
You lost the chance.
(Meanwhile, the last team is still waiting.)
I am hungry.
(Who are they?)
Now, the last team...
- will be in Seok Jin's team. - My goodness.
- In the fourth room, - It's intense today.
there are four brothers.
- Four brothers? - Brothers?
-Who are they? - There are four of them.
Are they four?
- Why are there so many of them? - I got an idea.
Did you hear Seok Jin?
"Why are there so many of them?"
- Four people. - He's not happy.
Is it Highlight?
They sing well.
They are Sweet Sorrow.
Sweet Sorrow?
"Sweet Sorrow".
Why don't you say they are Satellite?
(Their charming voices liven up the mood.)
(Don't think too much)
(I don't care)
I know who they are, but you don't know.
- I think I know them. - Who are they?
Aren't they like brothers to us?
We became brothers.
- That's Wanna One. - Wanna One?
They must be Wanna One then.
- Is it them? - Are they our brothers?
- They're our brothers. - It's Wanna One.
- Really? - Yes.
You are going home early today.
(Bae Jin Young, Kim Jae Hwan, Hwang Min Hyun, Kang Daniel)
(They are the chosen 11 boys.)
(They debuted fancily with the song "Energetic".)
(They topped all the music charts.)
(2018 is going to be even a better year for them.)
They are our brothers.
(Wanna One comes back to Happy Together.)
It's Wanna One.
(He shouts for joy.)
I am going home first today.
I think I am going to go home first.
Wanna One has the advantage.
- I never expected it to be them. - Seok Jin is unbelievable.
He wasn't pleased that there were four of them.
(He made a mistake.)
- It's too bad only four are here. - He wasn't happy about it.
They have a great chance of winning today.
They are most likely to win.
I was really happy when I became partnered with Wheesung.
But now...
Soo Hong.
I heard...
the girls always sing my song "Even Thought of Marriage"...
when they break up with their boyfriend.
But...
- Do girls sing that song? - But...
people might not break up today.
Wheesung.
It's a very strange time to break up.
- We... - It will be...
- a fight between you two. - We will have to see.
I was always the last one to leave.
I will be the first one to leave today.
I think Seok Jin has a great chance.
They're coming.
(Welcome.)
They're here.
- Brothers. - Jin Young.
Brothers.
Jae Hwan is here too.
Hello, Kangdan.
- Jae Hwan. - Good to see you.
You look amazing today.
- He's like Inspector Gadget. - Come on in.
- Welcome. - Welcome.
Long time no see.
- Seok Jin. - They are our brothers.
All their knees are out.
Right.
- They are matching. - What?
We're wearing matching clothes.
You're all wearing ripped jeans.
You're Ripped Jeans Brothers.
Their jeans are moderately ripped.
- But his jeans are ripped too much. - His is ripped too much.
We are matching.
We bonded over these knees.
- They... - They are so popular now...
that we are really happy as their brothers.
- We are trying hard. - This was your first...
- variety show. - Right.
You didn't forget us, did you?
Of course I didn't.
- Really? - Finally, our brotherhood...
is paying off.
Then why don't you call us?
- Why? - They don't have phones.
People always talked about how popular they are,
but they finally have a record to prove their popularity.
In just 100 days, they became a million seller.
They sold 500,000 copies. Their fame wasn't just a rumor.
(They became a million seller with their debut album.)
We have the record now.
It's not easy to do these days.
- It's not easy. - Selling a million copy isn't easy.
It's an honor.
- A million copies? - A million copies were sold.
What does this mean, Wheesung?
When I was at the height of my career...
Are you all right?
When I as at the height...
When you were at the height...
When I was at the height, I sold 600,000 copies.
So their record is amazing. Right?
It's ridiculous. It's like my two album sales combined.
A million is a great number.
How do you feel about this, Min Hyun?
Isn't that an amazing achievement?
It's like a dream. It's such a big honor.
I am really thankful to the fans who love us...
and to all the people who support us.
How about you, Jae Hwan?
You can't count a million using your hands.
Right.
It's hard to count using your hands.
- You couldn't even count 11. - He's adorable.
He's thankful because he can't count it with his hands.
- We just debuted. - It's amazing.
And yet we got so much love.
All we can think about is how to pay everyone back.
We are so grateful.
Their achievements are amazing.
Min Hyun is dressed like...
Chow Yun Fat today.
We would've been cursed at if we wore this.
I know Min Hyun and Daniel well.
But we didn't get to know Jin Young and Jae Hwan.
We felt bad that we didn't get to spend more time.
I really wanted to stay,
- but I couldn't. - I know.
- You stayed for only a short while. - They only said hi.
The members were checking the popular search words,
on the day they were here.
Weren't you in the list too?
I wasn't there.
Who was the most searched person?
It was Min Hyun.
He was funny.
- He was. - He talked nonsense.
- And... - "He talked nonsense."
Jin Young, do you always have a blank look on your face?
- No. I think I am nervous. - He's nervous.
(Before the shoot)
Are we not allowed to talk to them using honorifics?
- You have to. - You have to talk with respect.
But the script is written in informal language.
It's like that.
You're such a rookie.
- Is this your first time? - It's my first time.
I am a rookie too.
- Teach me. - Just relax.
(Laughing)
But when I'm with the others, I become all timid.
Right.
(He can see the future.)
They treat us really well.
- The hosts treat us really well. - They do.
It's easier when there are a lot of experienced ones.
It's easier for us.
- They help us a lot. - They react well.
It's his first time on a variety show.
We have to treat them well.
So it's Jin Young's first time to be on a variety show.
Haven't you been on other variety shows?
It's my first time on a public TV show.
(He puts his guard up very high.)
(Why are they laughing?)
By the way...
(They crack up.)
Ladies,
it's not that funny though.
Wasn't it really funny?
(My stomach hurts.)
- Sun Mi is still laughing. - I know.
They laugh whenever Jin Young opens his mouth.
They crack up every time.
This is amazing.
- I love Wanna One so much. - I know.
Which of the members of Wanna One do you like?
I like Wanna One as a whole.
- Not just one person? - What?
- Who doesn't like Wanna One? - She's good.
- Hey. - She ended it nicely.
Why would you get so upset at Seok Jin?
- Was it so upsetting? - I am sorry.
Let's see what they think.
We're in Hongdae. There are other talented singers,
but we think you have a great chance of winning.
What do you think about that?
I think...
- we have the lowest chance. - Why do you say that?
Our album just came out.
My friends don't sing our songs much.
Really?
Your album came out only recently, but your songs "Energetic"...
and "Pick Me" are very popular.
- Exactly. - We're speaking...
- from our experience. - Of course.
Someone always sing your song.
What do you think, Jae Hwan?
Which team do you think will get to go home first?
I think it's going to be Sun Mi.
(His guess is Sun Mi.)
- He song "Gashina" is very popular. - It's very popular.
Since it was already brought up, let me ask you this.
Who do you think will be the second one to go home?
- I think... - Be honest.
I think it's going to be Jin Young.
- Jin Young. - You and Wheesung...
must fight for the third place. Who will be the third place?
It will be us.
(He gets upset.)
(I am sorry, Wheesung.)
- Wait. - They're objective people.
It's just how he feels.
It's his personal opinion.
- Don't be offended. - He revealed his personality.
He threw the heat pack.
- It's not a fact. - Yes.
It's an early symptom.
What do you think, Jin Young? Who do you think will win?
I think Wanna One will be the first one to go home.
- How about the second? - He's honest.
I think Sun Mi will be the second one to go.
- Sun Mi. - How about the third?
Third.
Jin Young.
Hey, watch it.
(That's it. I'm done.)
We don't know. We don't know what will happen.
Jin Young,
it's your first time to be on a public TV show.
Is a public TV show different from a cable TV show?
Why does it make you nervous?
First of all, a lot of you are on TV often.
I think he's particularly funny.
Seok Jin is funny?
Do you feel starstruck when you see us?
- Yes. - What are you saying?
What's wrong with him?
Jin Young is starstruck.
My gosh. Wanna One...
People go mad about Wanna One.
And he thinks they are starstruck by him.
I will give you my autograph.
He says he will give them his autograph.
I used to watch "Running Man" a lot.
- When I watched "Running Man", - He's a "Running Man Kid".
I found his line hilarious.
Shoot it right.
(Laughing)
Thank you for liking it.
Shoot it right. Shoot it left.
(Laughing)
You like weird stuff.
Shoot it up. Shoot it back.
- Jin Young. - It's working.
You made Jin Young laugh.
I stopped doing it because it didn't go well.
He gave up after 2 or 3 weeks.
Jin Young wanted to look good...
to the producer and the writers.
I don't get many opportunities...
for public variety show.
It's not easy...
- like he said. - No.
I wanted to get to know you too.
That's why I said that.
Why are you laughing?
He's so cute.
- What's the age gap? - He's cute.
I'm five years older than him.
- Is he 18? - He's 18.
- He's a teenager. - He's only 18?
- I have a question for Daniel. - Yes.
- I gave you a nickname Kangdan. - Yes.
Do your fans call you that?
Many people call me by that name.
- Call you Kangdan. - That's how my mother calls me.
- Like "Kangdan." - Yes.
You gave me a good nickname.
- I'm pleased. - Thank you.
It's not a problem if it was his intention,
but it was because he didn't know his name.
- Kangdan. - Yes. He called him Kangdan.
- I didn't know at the time. - Yes.
- It's very nice. - It wasn't Kang Daniel.
What do you mean you were shocked on your first appearance, Min Hyun?
- I wasn't really shocked. - Okay.
When I came last time,
- Yong Man danced at the time. - He did.
- We danced together. - We had a dance battle.
(They had a dance battle with Wanna One.)
Pelvis dance.
(Culture shock)
(His first variety show was shocking.)
When I saw him dancing so passionately...
even though he's a senior,
I thought I should work harder.
Yong Man's dance is very funny.
His dance isn't easy.
Why don't you do it again for the juniors?
- Pelvis dance. - Give me a second.
I can only dance when I'm excited.
- He can dance to Sun Mi's song. - We don't when we're forced.
- Yong Man's not picky about song. - How about "Gashina"?
- He can dance to "Gashina" too. - Of course.
Does it work on "Gashina"?
It works on everything.
Even on traditional Korean songs. It works on everything.
- Traditional Korean songs. - We need to see it.
It works on traditional songs and rhythm and blues.
- It works on everything. - Canzone.
- Canzone. - It works on gospel too.
Even on rhythm and blues and canzone.
Samba. It works on African folk music.
This dance works on any music in the world.
I want to see it.
- Why doesn't it play? - He's on.
The music stopped.
(He's getting excited.)
This works too.
Min Hyun's on the way.
He's cute.
(They have fantastic chemistry.)
He has steps.
There are steps in his dance.
(Daring moves)
Jin Young's on the way.
Applause for them please.
Jin Young's in. Let's get it.
(What?)
Look at them.
That's it.
Have a conversation.
Twist your body.
- You try it, Jae Hwan. - Jae Hwan's joining.
- Welcome, Jae Hwan. - Clap.
(Flapping)
- It's hilarious. - Good job.
- Keep the moves going. - Now,
- stop it. - Daniel, jump in.
- Stop it. - Why?
- Why? - It's good, but...
- Don't stop me. - I...
Come back in. It looked like Yong Man's 70's birthday.
- Thank you. - Everyone was dancing...
here.
- Jin Young showed clicking. - What's that?
He did this.
- 1, 2, 3. - 1, 2, 3.
(He's refreshing.)
We have someone famous for being cute over there.
Right. Cuteness battle.
She's the final boss.
- Let's have Jin Young send... - We have two Jin Young.
cuteness to Jin Young.
She'll respond back. Jin Young versus Jin Young.
- Let's try it. - Cuteness battle.
- Let me start first. - Okay.
Imagine you're sending a text.
Okay.
- I'll begin. - Okay.
"I'll begin."
Start.
- What was that? - That's cute.
- That's cute. - That's cute.
- He's cute. - It's his first time on public TV.
"Start."
- It's his first variety show. - I'll start.
- Start. - Goodness.
(Cute message is sent.)
It's sent. You have a new message.
You.
Respond it with a click.
(He cheers.)
What?
(18-year-old Jin Young's innocent charm)
- He loves it. - We've talked about it before.
Wheesung's Jin Young's fan,
but she's Wanna One's fan.
Who's your favorite?
Is it among these four?
I like Daniel.
- I like Kangdan... - Yes.
because I asked him for a favor before.
What did you ask?
My cousin is a huge fan.
She told the family that...
she's not going to study without his autograph.
"She's not going to study without an autograph."
- She's in middle school. - Middle schooler.
- That's possible. - So...
I asked him for his autograph and a video for her.
- And then? - It probably wasn't easy...
- since he doesn't know her, - You must have felt bad.
but he was willing to do it.
How about her? Is she studying hard?
She's studying very hard.
- Really? - Yes.
- She's studying really hard. - You saved her.
I'm grateful.
I was so grateful.
It made me become his fan even more.
(She was touched by Daniel's kind heart.)
- I see. - You've seen many people like her.
- Like who? - You gave many autographs.
- To me? - Yes.
- Like him? - Yes.
I had so many.
All of a sudden.
- As if he suddenly remembered. - He was sitting far back.
"I had so many."
They're all going to university, right?
It reminds me of the legendary time I've forgotten.
Right.
- I had so many. - You help them get into SNU.
Many people studied hard because of Wheesung.
- Yes. - Of course.
Usually people dream of becoming a singer when they love a singer,
but you made them study.
(When they're with Wheesung, they get better grades.)
- Goodness. - He made them study.
- By the way, - Yes.
Kangdan danced "Gashina" on a show before, right?
(Kang Daniel's "Gashina" dance)
- Really? - I...
respect her a lot.
Did you see him dancing to "Gashina"?
Yes. I saw the whole thing.
- No. - Wanna One danced...
- "No." - No.
Did you go on a diet...
with Wonder Girls' "Tell Me" dance...
- when you were in middle school? - What is that?
- What? - It was so popular at the time.
I learned taekwondo at the time.
We danced "Tell Me" in taekwondo.
How?
We danced after the training camp.
"Tell Me" was popular throughout the country.
Oh, for the last part as a warm up?
- Even police danced to it. - Many people did it.
People posted many videos of it.
The whole country had "Tell Me" fever.
- You two should dance together. - Yes.
- Do it together. - Let's see it then.
- Thank you. - Sure.
This "Tell Me" is...
- memorable. - It's an honor.
- It's legendary "Tell Me". - This is awesome.
- They're going to dance to it. - It's been...
(The woman with irresistible charm)
(The man that Korea goes wild for)
(Sun Mi and Kang Daniel)
(We'll take over this year again.)
(Fantastic instant collaboration)
(This is worth saving.)
They're special.
(Load a fan bullet.)
(Shoot.)
They're good.
(Next up is a cover dance.)
He's very pure.
He's smiling brightly.
- He's good. - Good job.
Good job.
(Good job.)
Applause please.
(People of 2018's beautiful collaboration stage)
- Thank you. - That was good. It was nice.
- Can Jae Hwan do it alone? - Go for it.
- At the time... - He's up.
- Room One's singing "Love Battery". - He's cute.
- Really? - Where?
- Room One. - Really?
Are they singing?
Oh, Jae Hwan.
(Jae Hwan's buried by Room 1.)
- He was going to dance. - "Love Battery"?
- Really? - It's playing.
- It's up. - I can't believe it.
- Is she off? - Wait.
- We haven't started it. - Listen to him.
Let's watch his dance.
(He's discarded.)
- Jae Hwan... - We haven't started yet.
(It doesn't count if it's on before the game.)
- Look. - That's fast.
You never know if it'll be Wanna One or Sun Mi or Wheesung.
"Love Battery" is up already.
Is she going home now then?
- What? - Is she going home?
- It's not started yet. - It's not started yet.
- Yes! - I see.
Sit down.
- Jae Hwan. - Suddenly he asked...
- if she's going home. - Yes.
(Finally, it's my turn.)
- It seems he's... - He's funny.
- Good luck. - the sad one.
- Don't be nervous. - He has no change of expression.
- Right. - Don't be nervous.
- Just once. - He's cute.
- He's cute. - Tell me
That's good.
- That's good. - That's all you need to know.
- That's enough. - That's cool.
- You only get one chance, Jae Hwan. - You're doing good.
- You can do it, Jae Hwan. - Start.
- That's cool. - Do it freely.
(Sun Mi's watching.)
(He goes as he learned.)
Good job.
(Infinite poking)
That's right. He's poking.
That's good.
Applause.
He's doing it.
That's enough.
(He doesn't care. He keeps dancing.)
- Hey. - Good job.
- He'll be on the internet hit list. - He danced in his own style.
- He was so cute. - He looked cute from behind.
Sun Mi, I'm curious about something.
Do you want Wonder Girls' songs to be accepted or not?
- I don't want them to be accepted. - Of course they're accepted.
- You'll exclude the songs? - Hang on.
- Only her solo songs are valid. - Why did you say that?
- You were a member of Wonder Girls. - Okay.
- I just... - I've been in the same situation.
- He got traumatized. - Right.
Lee Seok Hoon of SG Wannabe made the same mistake.
- Wonder Girls' songs would be... - They're great songs.
- a big advantage. - You performed the songs. Why?
- She's giving it up. - That's right.
- Sun Mi. - Yes?
Will you exclude "Tell Me", "So Hot", and "Nobody"?
(Will she exclude Wonder Girls' songs?)
(Please say no.)
Yes.
(She said yes without hesitating.)
Why would you do that? I'm worried.
I'm so frustrated.
- However, my team... - It's a big advantage.
will include "It's Me", the song they sang before their debut.
- Min Hyun. - They'll include the song.
Will you include "It's Me" or not?
- Include the song. - Since our senior singer...
excluded her old group's songs, I think we should do the same.
- What's wrong with you? - Will you exclude "It's Me"?
- We'll exclude the song. - You'll exclude "It's Me"?
(It's shocking.)
- That's good. - Will you really exclude "It's Me"?
- We'll exclude "It's Me"? - Will you exclude "It's Me"?
Let's vote. Raise your hand if you agree to exclude "It's Me".
1, 2, 3.
- I knew it. - They don't agree to that.
(The team is divided.)
- Only two agree to that. - We can tell who are practical.
Jae Hwan is blinking slowly.
He seems to wonder why they should exclude the song.
Since Wheesung is the other guests' senior singer...
and has much pride,
he wants to include the songs he made for other singers as well.
That's not acceptable.
- You can't do that. - He can't?
- They don't count. - Why not?
- The songs he made... - Only the songs they sang count.
The songs he made for other singers don't count.
- Make them valid. - The songs that feature me...
- Why would you include them? - Tell him yourself.
- You can't do that. - Wheesung...
The songs I sang, the songs that feature me,
and the songs I made.
- What songs did you make, Wheesung? - That's all.
- "Heaven". - He made a lot of songs.
- "Heaven" by Ailee. - I see.
"Heaven" and...
So you will go when people sing "Heaven"?
- What's wrong about that? - He's unbelievable.
- The songs are like his children. - I can't believe him.
- It's a female singer's song. - Don't be so harsh.
- Isn't that weird? - He'll sing the song?
Imagine that Wheesung walks in while singing Ailee's song.
- The song is like his own child. - Sun Mi, let's include...
only the songs that you sang. That would look better.
- That'd be simpler. - Jin Young will...
- "Gashina" is on the list. - Now...
- That's great. - "Gashina".
- Is it not on the list? - They booked "Gashina".
- The next song is "Gashina". - They booked "Gashina".
- They booked "Gashina". - They booked "Gashina".
- They booked "Gashina". - That's a relief.
(Time heals pain, but I'm getting weaker and weaker)
- That was quick. - "Gashina".
- "Gashina" is booked already. - From my experience on this show,
the singers whose songs were booked before the game began...
- mostly came in 3rd and 4th. - There is a jinx.
So I predict that Jin Young and Sun Mi will come in 3rd and 4th.
You predict that Wanna One or...
- Wheesung will win today. - I think they'll be the top two.
- Do you think so? - Yes.
He's happy.
Wheesung seems to have mood swings often.
- He's a typical emotional type. - He has emotional ups and downs.
He's a typical type.
There's great news about Daniel.
He's been chosen as one of the three most influential people in Korea.
President Moon Jae In is one of them.
Daniel has proudly been chosen as well.
- That's too much. - This is...
- That's not necessary. - Right.
- That's... - Really?
And excessive compliments like that would put pressure on him.
Daniel must be happy. Min Hyun, how do you feel?
Did you heard this news?
When I heard the news,
I realized how much Daniel is loved by people.
We're on the same team, but I admire him.
- You admire him? - Admire?
- Min Hyun. - He used to be your team member,
- but the news made you admire him. - That's too much.
- I understand. - Look.
"Love Battery".
- Really? - I can't believe this.
- Room 1. - Room 1 booked the song.
("Love Battery", Hong Jin Young)
- It's quite different today. - They're singing Jin Young's song.
- This is the second time. - It's her song again.
- It's okay. - Now...
- "Love Battery" is catching up. - The game hasn't begun.
"Gashina" was booked twice.
We just had an urgent meeting.
We decided to include "It's Me".
(I'm the master of negotiation.)
Min Hyun, did you yield to him?
- Our songs haven't been booked. - Right.
- We'll include "It's Me". - "Energetic" has been booked.
- You have to include "It's Me". - Of course.
(This is what happened before.)
(We're in big trouble.)
(I think we should include "It's Me".)
(That's what I said before.)
(I'll tell them sincerely.)
(What could be Daniel's big picture?)
(Next week, the game finally begins.)
(Sing your heart out to get an advantage.)
(That's the fast way to get off work.)
(Powerful high note)
(They sing their favorite songs.)
(Fantastic teamwork)
(I have a hunch.)
(The desire of getting off work)
(A total chaos)
(It really is nerve-wracking.)
(They can't go down because customers are coming up.)
(Who will go home early?)
(Don't miss out our next episode.)
("Tell Me" by Infinite)